feat: add `string/base/replace-before-last` (#1364)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/string/base/replace-before-last/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2023 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# replaceBeforeLast

> Replace the substring before the last occurrence of a specified search string.

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var replaceBeforeLast = require( '@stdlib/string/base/replace-before-last' );
```

> #### replaceBeforeLast( str, search, replacement )

Reviewer: @AuenKr Similarly, would you mind adding support for `fromIndex`?

This was actually intended for `substringBeforeLast` (https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/commit/0aba813bb4ecb3cda3531bd4470afa2dc05c3a3a#r56763056), but was never implemented. It would be great to go ahead and implement `fromIndex` support for the API addition in this PR.

As this is a "base" API, the `fromIndex` argument should be mandatory and not an optional argument.

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var replaceBeforeLast = require( '@stdlib/string/base/replace-before-last' );
```

#### replaceBeforeLast( str, search, replacement, fromIndex )

Replaces the substring before the last occurrence of a specified search string.

```javascript
var str = 'beep boop';
var out = replaceBeforeLast( str, ' ', 'loop', str.length );
// returns 'loop boop'

out = replaceBeforeLast( str, 'o', 'bar', str.length );
// returns 'barop'
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   If a search string is not present in a provided string, the function returns the provided string unchanged.
-   If a search string is an empty string, the function returns the provided string unchanged.

> -   If `fromIndex` is less than `0` or greater than `search` string length, the function returns the provided string unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If `fromIndex` is less than `0` or greater than the `search` string length, the function returns the provided string unchanged.
```

> -   If `fromIndex` is less than `0` or greater than the `search` string length, the function returns the provided string unchanged.

Reviewer: Same comment as in https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/pull/1365/files#r1501925656.

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# replaceBeforeLast

> Replace the substring before the last occurrence of a specified search string.

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var replaceBeforeLast = require( '@stdlib/string/base/replace-before-last' );
```

#### replaceBeforeLast( str, search, replacement, fromIndex )

> -   Replaces the substring after the last occurrence of a specified search string.
> -   fromIndex is index of last character to be considered beginning of a match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaces the substring before the last occurrence of a specified search string.
```

```javascript
var str = 'beep boop';
var out = replaceBeforeLast( str, ' ', 'loop', str.length );
// returns 'loop boop'

out = replaceBeforeLast( str, 'o', 'bar', str.length );
// returns 'barop'
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   If a search string is not present in a provided string, the function returns the provided string unchanged.
-   If a search string is an empty string, the function returns the provided string unchanged.

> -   If fromIndex is less than 0 or greater than search string length, the function returns the provided string unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If `fromIndex` is less than `0` or greater than `search` string length, the function returns the provided string unchanged.
```
